Duncan Gans
Lab 11 Write-up

1. Autoclass stops trying to find a new best because it reaches the maximum
amount of tries which is set to ten. zoo.log returns the output from a1,
 which gives back back basic information about the amount of tries, the process
and other important information. zoo.results-bin is a binary file I don't 
understand

2. There are 6 Categories 

Category	Examples	Most important Attribute Value
1		36		Milk, eggs, hair
2		20		Feathers, legs, toothed
3		17		Backbone, tail, legs
4		14		Breathes, fins, legs
5		9		Legs, hair, eggs
6		4		Fins, aquatic, milk

3. Case text describes all of the different cases and which cluster they fall
into along with the probability of falling into that cluster. Class text 
focuses more the classes, and for each class, illustrates all the items in the
class and their individual attribute pairs.

4.
zoo-predict.case-text-1 - Illustrates each case, which category it should fall
into and the probability of falling into that category

zoo-predict.class-text-1 - Illustrates each cluster, which cases will wall into
it with their respective class-attribute values.

zoo.log - represents the output of the autoclass function

zoo.results_bin - Lots of Binary data I don't understand

5. The output is very different with only two types. The autoclass trys to 
group it into a reptile, mammal distinction while putting a lot of exceptions
into the reptiles category. By limiting it to just two categories, a lot of 
animals weren't able to really fit into any one category and so had low 
probabilities for each. 
The first cluster is animals with backbones, breathing above water, and for 
the most part have 2 or 4 legs, and often produce milk. The second cluster are
invertebrates that breathe underwater, often have fins, and for the most part,
all produce eggs. There are 60 of cluster one, and 40 of class two, the most
important attribute pairs for cluster 1 are Legs, Breathes, and Backbone, 
whereas the most important pairs for cluster 2 are Legs, Milk, and Breathes.

6. With three clusters it is able to divide up the animals a bit better.
Class zero was mostly animals that lay eggs, and had no fins (i.e. reptiles
and fish. 
Class one was vertebrates that used milk, often mammals it appears.
Class two was fish and other aquatic creates is appears.
Class 		Examples		Most Important Attribute Value
1		39			Toothed, Milk, Legs
2		39			Milk, Hair, Legs
3		22			Legs, Fins Aquatic

7. As for the clusters increased it was able to make the clusters more specific
at first it made there be less crossover as theclusters fell in line with real
animal variation, however as the variations increased more, there were some 
small clusters, many that ended up being very similar to other clusters. There
is clearly a sweet spot for deciding the write amount of clusters. 

8. The suggested number of clusters ended up being around 6. Out of the three
best tries, 2 used 7 classes, and the best try used 6. Although it could 
have grouped them all into individual clusters, it didn't to make it more useful.

9. Penguins would fit into class 1, which is the bird class.
   Platypuses would fall into class 4 it looks like, but possibly class 6.
There is one animal with both the ability to produce milk and eggs, that 
looks similar to a platypus, although the autoclass has trouble fitting it into
a clear category

10. With just two classes, which is the best choice even when 3 is expected
is very different. The code essentially decides to break everything into 
animals with 2 or 4 legs, and animals with other numbers of legs. Because of
that, the descriptive ability of the clusters is more limited. The attributes
that are also valueable are simply attributes that track an amount of legs such
as breathes. Since breathes will correlate with fish that have no legs, legs
also has a high impact, but that is simply because there is correlation between
the two.

11. With more tries, it was able to create more "Best" clusterings, including
some that were not around 7. Previously, at 100 tries the best clusterings 
wehre all around 7. However, with more tries, there were a coupele around
4 and 5. The best try still ended up being 6. The clusterings themeselves 
where similar, but appeared a little more concrete and defined.
It is evident what class is what set. Class 1 is mammals, 2 is birds, 3 is fish
4 is 6 legged invertebrates, maybe bugs, class 5 seems to be reptiles, and
class 6 looks like amphibians. Although it was possible to parse the categories
before, there were lots of exceptions, and lots more overlap.



